--- 
gc logging
7-5-2021 
Ellis Brown
--- 
https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/jrockit-hotspot/logging.html#GUID-062A92DA-5790-4EF3-80F5-A3CC6E53898A

https://openjdk.java.net/jeps/158 

Description

Tags

The logging framework defines a set of tags in the JVM. Each tag is identified by its name (for example: gc, compiler, threads, etc). The set of tags can be changed in the source code as required. When a log message is added it should be associated with a tag-set classifying the information logged. A tag-set consists of one or more tags.

Levels

Each log message has a logging level associated with it. The available levels are error, warning, info, debug, trace and develop in increasing order of verbosity. The develop level is only available in non-product builds.

For each output, a logging level can be configured to control the amount of information written to that output. The alternative off disables logging completely.

Decorations

Logging messages are decorated with information about the message. Here is a list of the possible decorations:


time -- Current time and date in ISO-8601 format

uptime -- Time since the start of the JVM in seconds and milliseconds (e.g., 6.567s)

timemillis -- The same value as generated by System.currentTimeMillis()

uptimemillis -- Milliseconds since the JVM started

timenanos -- The same value as generated by System.nanoTime()

uptimenanos -- Nanoseconds since the JVM started

pid -- The process identifier

tid -- The thread identifier

level -- The level associated with the log message

tags -- The tag-set associated with the log message

-Xlog